Sydney Randall Polk13501 Country Trails Lane    Austin, TX 78732      +1 (512) 905-9904sydpolk@gmail.comSUMMARY* Seasoned software developer and manager with experience in all aspects of software development.EDUCATIONRice University, Houston, Texas - Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science, 1988.EMPLOYMENT HISTORYSpawn Labs, Austin, TexasQA & Release Engineer Manager, September 2012-present* Standardized builds of embedded operating systems and software. Built software for Android, Embedded Linux, Windows 7, and standard Linux using yocto, repo, Android SDK, Java/ant, Visual Studio/msbuild.* Developed automation of RESTful network services using vagrant, virtualbox, and ruby as part of continuous integration using Jenkins.Rock Systems, Durango, ColoradoConsultant – iOS development, May 2012-August 2012* Audited the AudioAir application, and made quality recommendations. * The meantime before crashing of the app before I started with 5 minutes; after I fixed the 80+ defects I identified, the app did not crash. * Added a channel display feature.* Version 1.3 shipped in the App Store in September 2012.Coverity Software, San Francisco, CaliforniaSenior QA Manager and QA Architect, July 2008-May 2012* Built and managed offshore quality team in Odessa, Ukraine, for all GUI products. * Developed automation for large-scale testing of Coverity Static Analysis, testing performance and correctness with 43 source-code projects, resulting in a 20% across-the-board performance increase.* Drove the design and construction of automation to test analysis tools on 15 host platforms, exercising several thousand tests.Lombardi Software (now IBM), Austin, TexasQA Manager, May 2006-June 2008* Managed team of 3-5 QA Leads, who managed quality teams for Lombardi’s enterprise products for Business Process Management, Teamworks and Blueprint. Apple Computer, Cupertino, CaliforniaXcode Tools QA & Integration Manager, April 2001-April 2006* Managed a team of 3 engineers in charge of verifying quality in cross-functional areas of the Xcode Tools distribution, the developer tools for Mac OS X. This included integration of the tools with each other, with the operating system, with applications across Apple, and in the field with developers.* Verified the correctness of new versions and new architectures of gcc, Xcode and linker by building side versions of Mac OS X, including both diagnosis of build and runtime failures and working with project teams to correct them. Red Hat, Inc./Cygnus Solutions, Sunnyvale, CaliforniaEngineering Manager, November 1997-April 2001* Managed 10 remote engineers assigned to several developer tools projects, including gcc and gdb and Source-Navigator. Sun Microsystems Laboratories, Mountain View, CaliforniaMember of Technical Staff, March 1996 to November 1997	* Member of development team for Tcl/Tk, a popular cross-platform scripting environment. Claris Corporation (now FileMaker, Inc.)/StyleWare, Inc., Santa Clara, CaliforniaSoftware Engineer, December 1987-March 1996* Member of development team for FileMaker Pro for Mac and Windows.* Member of development team for AppleWorks GS for the Apple IIGS.SKILLSC, Objective C, Java, SQL, Perl, Tcl, Ruby, C++, Xcode, Eclipse, iOS, Unix, Linux, Windows, Visual Studio, cvs, Subversion, Perforce, git, Bitkeeper, gcc, Jenkins, VMWare, Cocoa, Bugzilla, JIRA, yocto, repo, vagrant, VirtualBox.REFERENCESReferences, including supervisors, peers, and subordinates, are available upon request.